♪ Suspenseful music ♪
[Martian] Valhalla smuggles
diamonds onto the world market
through a wholesale dealer based
in the diamond quarter
of Antwerp.
Somewhere in this chain.
we find a weakness
or recruit an asset
who puts us next to Viking.
[Blair] Nils Jansen.
junior exec at Frederik Samuels.
The guy's perfect.
-No one can help me.
-I have a plan.
[Martian] I'm sure you
figured out that right now.
I'm the only friend you've got.
-Where are you taking me?
-You're safe.
[Martian] Part of me thought
we could run away together.
If you came with me.
we'd never be safe again.
I have to go to Bahrain.
Energy conference. Come with me.
Mr. Zamani?
We want to hire you
as a consultant.
My answer is no.
[Danny] He's working
for someone else.
[Robinshaw] I'm sorry.
I don't speak Spanish.
Pull up Martian's phone
the day we got Coyote back.
[Tom] That's James Richardson
from SIS.
♪ Intriguing music ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪♪♪
[DRC minister] Why here?
Why the cloak and dagger?
You can never be too careful.
Please. have a seat.
[grunts]
And why is a spy agency
making this approach
rather than a trade delegation?
It's true. I'm CIA.
And we acknowledge
the unhappy history
of the agency's involvement
in the region.
But. gentlemen.
America's your friend.
Now. it's no secret
that China has stopped
exporting cobalt and tantalum
to the United States... minerals
that we desperately need
for our batteries. our phones
and our weapons systems.
♪ Tense music ♪
So you need us.
Do we need you?
We are aware that
you're currently negotiating
with Russia and India.
You are no longer
the only game in town.
For the first time.
we might get a decent deal
from the most powerful country
on Earth.
I would love to show you
what you're going to get.
[muffled gunshots]
What are you...
[whistling the tune
of "The Marines' Hymn"]
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White playing ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
I understand.
All the embassies
in sub-Saharan Africa
are going batshit.
Yeah. secretary of state
and department of trade
both think we did it.
Why would we do that?
Why would...
I mean. why would anyone
order one of our agents
to kill elected officials?
For what?
I contacted our field office.
They're as blindsided as we are.
Are we sure we didn't do it?
Yes. we're sure. Come on.
[Blair] If anything. we've been
cozying up. trying
to secure rare earth metals.
So this is a false flag attack.
Someone's making sure
no one deals with us.
Well. can we deny it... I mean.
as it actually wasn't us?
Just makes you look more guilty.
That's the beauty
of a false flag.
Don't think of an elephant.
Embassy says they have evidence
the shooter was CIA.
What evidence?
Uh... Oh.
Our field office has it.
♪ Foreboding music ♪
This is security CCTV
from the site
-minutes after the attack.
-[whistling a tune]
[Bosko] It's Viking.
[Blair] Shit.
This fucker thinks
he can maim us.
impersonate us
and then whistle about it.
Whatever it takes.
-You understand?
-Oh. I understand. sir.
This is survivable.
Man. those Swiss
can make a watch.
This case is almost intact.
So's your target.
More explosive.
That's the most I could fit
into something this small.
Use different explosive.
Or direct it. maybe?
Center mass. towards
the organs of the chest.
Hey. your diamond guy
just booked
a cosmetic treatment session
at a clinic.
"Deluxe aesthetic package."
My guess...
Botox. fillers. a peel?
What. this guy?
He doesn't look the type.
[Tom] Gambling. drugs.
prostitutes. facelifts.
He's a soul in torment.
Wish I was a soul in torment.
You are.
Just on a government salary.
♪ Pulsing music ♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪♪♪
[drawer opens. closes]
-[door sensor beeps]
-[door lock clicks]
♪♪♪
[door closes]
Fuck.
Jesus.
You scared me. Henry.
What are you doing here?
I go where I'm needed.
What. just like that...
come to Bahrain?
If we have problems in Bahrain.
I'm in Bahrain.
Hassan'll be back any minute.
I don't know where he went.
He's having a massage
downstairs. Just started.
Okay. I'm ready.
In Tehran. did you see
any Chinese nationals near him?
No. Just here.
The Chinese delegate
met with a Western woman.
30s. brown hair. room 6417.
I accessed her room
and cloned her laptop.
It was hidden.
She had a decoy on the desk.
So she's trained. A pro.
I even recorded her voice.
We rode the elevator together.
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
You've done well. Danny.
Done?
Is my mission over?
Is that why you're here?
Ideally. you go back to Tehran.
Your mission isn't over.
it's changed.
From recruitment
to counterintel.
You are now close
to a known Chinese asset.
We need to know where he goes.
what he does. who he sees.
I can do that.
Before you agree.
you should understand
how much more dangerous this is.
Last week. if you were blown.
it was just the Iranians.
Now. if you're blown.
Hassan himself.
the Chinese
or the Iranians may kill you.
So this is a choice.
You can pull the rip cord
right now. come with me.
be back in London in six hours.
Send me back to Tehran. sir.
-[knocking]
-Just a minute.
Come in.
-Dr. Blake.
-[door closes]
Hello. Owen.
Let's talk.
Look. there's only one person
to actually blame for this.
and it's me.
I wanted to be a field agent.
I fought and I begged to do it.
So. I don't know... what...
the-the main emotion
that I'm feeling?
♪ Contemplative music ♪
Shame.
This trauma isn't a judgment
on yourself or who you are.
It's not? [scoffs]
You sure about that. Doc?
I mean. I wanted
to show everyone how big I was.
and I've come back
literally less.
That's not true.
You came back wounded.
You could heal.
But who you are...
that's the same.
Right. Maybe that's the problem.
Same old Owen.
When you think about
returning to the office.
how does that make you feel?
But look at me
and hear me when I say this.
I have never wanted
to do this job more.
"Welcome to Vestra.
Antwerp's flagship
luxury lifestyle
aesthetics clinic.
Offering innovative.
next-step surgical
and non-surgical treatments.
"Your ideals are our ideals."
And your wallet is our wallet.
If you were rich enough.
would you?
[Simon]
Oh. who's to say I haven't?
Target's arrived.
What's that accent?
Um... British?
Canadian. I came over
with Dr. Vincent.
who you're seeing today.
Want a piece of advice?
You'll get a discount
on treatments.
Got to be tempting. right?
But listen.
you don't need a thing.
You're perfect
just the way you are.
Thank you so much. Mr. Jansen.
If you'd like to come this way.
Of course.
Hey.
did you read my file?
I lodged a complaint
about my last treatment.
Normally. it lasts months.
but this time.
it was just a few weeks?
♪ Mysterious music ♪
[Martian]
A number of factors influence
the longevity of a treatment...
type and dose
of botulinum toxin.
individual metabolism.
aftercare.
Certain medications.
sun exposure.
Also. excessive
alcohol consumption.
Okay. you just relax.
Uh. hey...
Uh. what?
Uh. what the fuck is this?
This is Alluzience...
strongest botulinum neurotoxin
on the market.
People who get this
only come in once a year.
It's that fucking virulent.
Now. if I was to inject this
into an eyeball.
you'd be blind
within 30 seconds.
Are you nuts?
What are you doing?
Relax.
We know who your boss is.
What he's doing in Africa
with Valhalla.
I also know. if they found out
you were stealing from them.
what they'd do to you.
Don't you know who I fucking am?
Just a little prick.
[groans]
So. intravenous injection
of botulinum toxin
infects your body
with acute botulism.
Which is. I'm sure you know.
not good.
Please.
I-I... I don't want to die.
Unless I press the plunger.
Nils. you won't.
And I won't if you listen to me.
If you listen to me.
the Africans won't kill you.
the Russians won't kill you.
the bookies you owe
won't kill you.
Nils. your life
was out of control.
Not anymore.
'Cause I'm here.
I'm in control.
Who's in control?
What?
-Is it me or you?
-I...
I don't understand.
-I thought you did.
-[yells. whimpers]
You are. you are.
you are. you are.
Who the fuck are you. man?
[door closes]
Great to meet you. Mr. Jansen.
Silka here will reach out
and book you in
for our next session.
We'll see you soon.
You look terrific. buddy.
[keypad beeps]
[door closes]
I need you
to open this up for me
and extract everything
you can find.
[Tom] Multiple layers.
Cascade encryption.
It'll take a while.
Is-is this from Gremlin?
It's not Iranian.
It's fresh from the field.
We don't know exactly who it is.
but it's priority one.
And I have
another request for you.
Pull up that audio file
I just sent you.
[Robinshaw] In order
to achieve lasting results.
it's gonna require
more commitment
and cooperation
with this process.
Run voice recognition on that
and compare it
with this recording.
Gremlin made
on the fly in Bahrain.
[Robinshaw] I'm sorry.
I don't speak Spanish.
Is that enough?
It's not much.
but we can work it.
Come find me
once you're finished.
Sure.
♪ Ominous music ♪
How did you get in here?
I have a security system.
I'm CIA. Nils.
No idea the shit we can do.
Why do you guys
give a fuck about me?
I haven't done anything wrong.
We both know that isn't true.
But we're not the cops.
I'm here to recruit you.
You want me
to be a secret agent?
An asset.
So we'd work together.
I'd be a spy?
[chuckles] Holy shit.
Before you tell everyone
about your cool new job.
you should know
that's the fastest way
to get me to kill you. Sit down.
♪ Percussive music ♪
What we need you to do
is simple.
Your boss has two problems.
Getting diamonds out of the CAR
and getting money back in.
You're gonna tell him
you have an idea.
Valhalla owns a disused mine
in the Berbérati region.
You're gonna tell De Bruyne
to buy it.
[indistinct conversation]
[Martian] This takes care
of both problems.
The sale price moves money
over the table to Valhalla.
And owning a mine
gives you paperwork
from the government
to export diamonds.
Except the diamonds
won't come from your mine.
Your mine has no diamonds.
They'll still
come from Valhalla.
This lets them
scale the current scheme
ten times or more.
Everyone's happy.
You'll get a raise. a promotion.
Most importantly.
you'll be trusted.
Now. De Bruyne is gonna
have to go to the CAR.
You're gonna ask to go with him.
his new favorite employee.
You want me to go to Africa?
Yes.
This is very important.
You must go on that trip.
Because while you're there.
there's something
-we need you to do for us.
-What?
Something simple. not hard.
I'll let you know
when the time comes.
And if I say.
"Go fuck yourself"?
Then I beat you to death
with that ashtray.
make this look
like a coke deal gone bad.
["Sandstorm" by Darude playing]
Whoo!
[song ends]
You want to know
something insane?
While we were in Bahrain.
the fucking CIA
tried to recruit me.
-I'm serious.
-[laughs]
Yeah. It was this funny guy
and this girl
who was so hot it made no sense
why she'd ever
be hanging out with him.
They were pretending
to work for Exxon or some shit
and offered me a job.
And you thought they were spies?
Hundred percent. No doubt.
You know. this happens
if you're Iranian.
family like mine.
We had lessons in school.
What to do. who to tell.
So do you have to report it?
I mean. it's more trouble
than it's worth.
Crazy world.
Can't believe it.
Oh. hey. there's my friend
over there.
Wait here. I'll be a second.
[indistinct chatter]
-[monster growls in game]
-[man shouts in game]
Here they come!
-[screaming in game]
-[man shouts]
-[weapons continue in game]
-Good stop.
What sites have priority?
They talked about Natanz.
about enrichment
getting above 50%.
Okay.
-What unit?
-A.
"A" what?
A3? A4?
Uh... possibly A3.
I'm not sure.
Is it important?
A4 units are the only ones
with military use.
All others are
for civilian purposes.
It changes the context
of what you're telling me.
Who's the girl?
Danny?
She's just my girlfriend.
Congratulations.
What nationality is she?
Spanish.
Don't worry about her.
I've known her a while.
She's cool.
Good work.
Stick around
for another 20 minutes
and then leave.
We need to recall Gremlin?
Why would we do that?
Because her boyfriend
is working for the Chinese.
It's way too dangerous.
We're all aware
of the risk level.
It would be the same risk
if Hassan was working for us.
No. it wouldn't.
If you'd managed to recruit him.
we'd be in control.
Gremlin's good. She's careful.
[Naomi] Hassan isn't.
This guy is unreliable.
He's chaotic.
If he gets blown. it hits
anyone in his orbit.
including Gremlin.
Hassan has become
an Achilles' heel.
Mixed metaphor. and I disagree.
[Naomi] Well. I disagree
with you disagreeing.
While. uh. amusing
to witness you use
a classified meeting to bicker.
may I remind you that
your unit just suffered
a major setback?
But out of the ashes
of abject failure
there may be an opportunity
too good to miss.
Gremlin's been briefed
on her new situation.
She's chosen
to return to Tehran.
Unless there's anything else.
I'll let you two have at it
without an audience.
Naomi?
[door closes]
I should have broke things off
more gracefully.
I'm sorry.
Well. I'm over it. But. yeah.
you really should have.
I always mess things up
with women I respect.
I still think you're
a fantastic person. Naomi.
Well. thanks...
for all the respect.
[banging]
[Naomi groans]
Fucking fucker. Fuck!
[groans]
Just my luck.
Course it's you who walks in
as I'm beating a wall.
Not luck.
Henry asked me to find you.
The sound of head against wall
just made locating you easy.
[Naomi] It's straightforward.
I liked him more
than he liked me.
Do you feel like
that's a pattern for you
in relationships?
Do you usually like people
more than they like you?
Is it helpful
to ask unpleasant questions?
Well. I don't think
that's even on my list
of unpleasant questions.
Oh. hit me.
Why do you dress like a Mormon?
[stifled laugh]
You're cleverer
than all of them.
You're more committed
But no one's gonna
take you seriously
until you start
backing yourself.
which clearly. you don't.
I back myself every fucking day.
Into a corner.
dressed like an undertaker.
[scoffs] Okay. wow.
Look at you. bitch.
Take a look
in your two-way mirror.
This isn't about me.
My camouflage has a purpose.
Oh. good for you.
So does mine. I'm a fucking spy.
Two sorts of people are drawn
to this work...
those who wish
to be someone else
and those who were unable
to be a person
in the first place.
Stop going undercover
in your own life.
Because I know that if you quit
holding yourself back.
you could go
to the very top here.
That's the nicest thing
anyone's ever said to me.
♪ Slow. intriguing music ♪
[sighs]
[Martian] Hey.
Whoa. Hey. Poppy.
-[Poppy crying softly]
-What happened?
Look at me. Hey.
-[sniffling]
-Look at me. Look at me.
What's happening?
[crying]
[sniffles] He's just an idiot.
Who? Daniel? Your boyfriend?
What happened?
It's just. like. a mess.
[breathes sharply]
-Did he break up with you?
-No.
No. no. it was me. I dumped him.
I just don't know
what's wrong with us.
Look. at your age.
these things just happen.
It's no one's fault.
But I don't want it to end.
So why'd you end it?
Because. like.
I can't keep doing this.
Like. we can't
keep going on like this.
And we just keep fighting.
And-and. like. we don't get
along with each other anymore.
-[sniffles]
-[knocking]
-Hey.
[door closes]
Evening.
Poppy.
[door closes]
I can drop and go if you two are
in the middle of something.
No. no. we-we got plenty
for all of us.
Please. stay for dinner.
Okay.
Can I get you a drink?
Yeah.
You see Samia Zahir today?
Yeah. she asked me
to buy her books.
Which ones?
Sudan's Unfinished Democracy
by Alex de Waal.
When Peace Kills Politics
by Sharath Srinivasan.
And The Joy of Sex
by whoever wrote that.
The last one was a joke.
You're a comedian now?
[laughs softly]
["I See You"
by Phoebe Bridgers playing]
♪ I'm standing too close ♪
-[knocking]
-♪ I can see ♪
♪ The brushstrokes... ♪
Time to eat.
[sighs] I'm not hungry.
♪ I hate your mom ♪
♪ I hate it
when she opens her mouth ♪
♪ It's amazing to me ♪
♪ How much you can say ♪
♪ When you don't know
what you're talking about ♪
♪ But I feel something
when I see you... ♪
You okay?
[inhales]
No.
I don't know.
How old are you?
Seventeen.
Seventeen can't
handle these things.
How old are you?
Old enough to handle.
Do I seem a hopeless romantic?
♪ 'Cause I don't know
what I want... ♪
-Do I seem weak?
-No.
Well. I am.
Or have been.
I've been pushed around
by men and boys.
Been cut deep.
When I was 17.
I cried every day for this boy.
Every single day.
Time fixes you up.
It'll toughen you up. too.
Wait and see.
Seventeen is bullshit.
but it doesn't last.
♪ I'll climb
through the window... ♪
Come on. let's go eat.
♪ But right now ♪
♪ It feels good ♪
♪ Not to stand ♪ -[door opens]
♪ Then I'll leave it
wide open... ♪
This is probably the best part.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
♪ Let the dystopian ♪
♪ Morning light ♪
♪ Pour in ♪
[clears throat]
[Henry] Come in.
-[grunts softly]
-[door closes]
Osman Abdel-Aziz.
Do you know him?
No.
He's a senior Sudanese
intelligence officer.
Samia Zahir spilled to him
when we tried to recruit her.
He dragged her to Khartoum
as thanks.
He defected.
Killed an Emirati agent
in the process.
He's at a safe house right now.
giving up all the love.
That's great.
What made him flip?
Martian.
How did they make contact?
Through Samia Zahir.
They've seen each other?
She's at another safe house
out of town.
I'm going to interrogate her
on what she knew when
about all this.
Want me to go see Osman.
check his story?
Push it hard.
Particularly
as relates to Martian.
[distant siren wailing]
♪ Slow. mysterious music ♪
[security door closes]
[front door closes]
Change of interrogator. huh?
Which one are you...
tickles or slaps?
Neither.
I'm questions. you're answers.
Well. if you want
to undress at any point.
I'm getting quite bored.
-Don't do that.
-What?
Games. Moving for position.
The type of jiujitsu
we both know.
Just tell me the truth.
and I can go.
Do I get to go then. too?
You get to breathe.
What can you tell me
about Paul Lewis?
I thought you trapped me
to learn about my agency.
not yours.
We're interested in any
and all intel that you have.
For a while. I thought
he planned all of this
from Addis...
who Samia was. who she might be.
I was wrong.
[Martian] They'll ask you
questions about me.
You will confirm it was by
accident I met Sami in London.
Got that?
You will confirm
you shot Saeed escaping
before I met you here.
You stick to what I tell you.
or you lose my protection.
[Osman] It was all a fuck up.
He met by chance.
Bumped into her in London.
She told him about negotiations.
He was lucky. Or unlucky.
I don't know.
You're telling me
that this all happened
just by chance?
Which one of us.
who do this. believes in chance?
Do you?
But then it happens.
and we are all fucked up.
We think we are in control.
You want to do the countdown.
or should I?
[explosion]
[exhales]
What did you put in these ones?
-It works now.
-Yeah. you think?
[Bosko]
So let's all raise a glass
to continued cooperation
and shared intelligence.
which is the beating heart
of the special relationship.
Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
I have the result of the
voice analysis you asked for.
Identical.
It's the same person speaking.
Confidence level?
Ninety-nine percent.
There's something else.
We've been able
to identify the owner
of the laptop
Gremlin cloned in Bahrain.
It's her. It's the same voice.
Who is she? Beijing asset?
Can we locate her?
♪ Eerie music ♪
I know her.
She works on the SIS China desk
under Richardson.
♪♪♪
All right.
Very good. I might
have another one in a minute.
-[mutters]
-♪ tense music ♪
James.
Ah. Henry. I thought
parties weren't your thing.
You got to show your face.
though. I imagine. haven't you?
Listen to me.
I know what you've done.
I very much doubt you do.
old boy.
But to give you
the benefit of the doubt
and for old time's sake.
you might want
to hear my chief out
before saying something
you regret.
[chief of SIS] I'm not here
to discuss our shared past.
key though it is.
I wish to make an announcement
on our future.
Are you a betting man. Henry?
I am.
Ball drops.
Where is it going to land?
[chief of SIS] I'm delighted
to announce the new Chief
of British Intelligence
will be James Richardson.
-[applause]
-Surely not. Hmm?
Fuck.
Well. thank you. uh. everyone.
I look forward to continuing
this special relationship
with our esteemed
American colleagues.
whose genius
I've had the honor of abusing
-over so many years.
-[laughter]
Uh. I'm listing no names.
but you know who you are. Hmm?
[scattered laughter]
[phone buzzing]
Hey.
[Hassan]
Come outside and meet me.
[sighs] Hassan. I'm working.
So am I. Two minutes. Come out.
Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
New car? New look?
New me.
I'm moving out
of my dad's place.
I got the new job.
New businessman car.
Room in the back
for a baby seat or two.
What are you talking
about baby seats?
Who knows
what the future will bring?
[laughs] Get up.
-Are you fucking nuts? Get up.
-Uh-uh-uh.
I'm not some Western hipster.
I'm Iranian.
We don't wait till we're
middle-aged to grow the balls
-to go on with our lives.
-[exhales]
Daniela...
I want to spend the rest
of my life
looking into your eyes.
Marry me.
I don't know what to say.
Yes. you do.
Say it.
I'm saying...
go-go to work.
and I'll see you tonight.
-And we'll talk then.
-Mm-mm. You have to answer now.
Hassan. this is a shock.
It's a surprise.
I need time to think.
Our life will be full
of beautiful surprises.
Take time.
Remember. I'm a catch.
A lot of Iranian girls
would have just said yes.
As you know.
I am a humble man... [chuckles]
But I do have a small and
gentle amount of ego and pride.
I'm just saying.
I need time to think.
And I'm saying.
there is no contest.
but there is competition.
Until later.
and you tell me yes.
[car door opens. closes]
[engine starts]
[engine revving]
♪ Intriguing music ♪
[exhales sharply]
[bird squawking]
Dr. Zahir?
Yes?
I'm. uh. Henry Ogletree
from the U.S. embassy.
We have questions about
your detention and release.
From prison or here?
You're not detained here.
Dr. Zahir.
You're protected.
You recognize the difference.
I'm sure.
I'd like to know
exactly what Paul Lewis did
to secure your release.
I'm afraid I have no idea.
Of that or who Paul even is.
He's not even called Paul.
He didn't tell you any details?
The channels he worked.
British. the Emiratis.
the price of your freedom?
What price?
♪ Slow. haunting music ♪
Betrayal...
of his country.
You actually had no idea.
did you?
He chose not to tell you.
Is he in trouble now?
You should...
you should know
how he fought for you.
When this thing went south.
he did everything.
He set himself
and his allegiances on fire...
to save you.
Why?
Why would he do this to himself?
I used to know
why he did what he did.
That's something we shared.
I love my country. Dr. Zahir.
despite everything.
I'm not talking
lip-service patriotism
or drunken flag waving.
I mean. we give it all.
everything we have.
in its service.
So for him to do this...
He turned traitor.
It seems he found something
he loved more.
I'll show myself out.
[footsteps departing]
What will happen to him?
When I catch him.
and I prove it...
the same thing that should
happen to all traitors.
["Shut Up and Dance" by
Sophie and the Giants playing]
♪ Let it go. let it go ♪
-♪ Shut up and dance... ♪
-[door closes]
-[Martian] Poppy?
-Yeah?
♪ Shut up and dance ♪
♪ And move your heartbeat ♪
♪ Shut up and dance... ♪
Dozer says it's the best cure
for heartbreak.
Fancy cocktails?
-Just booze in general. I think.
-Uh-huh.
♪ When you're lost in the dark.
find the love... ♪
Okay. Ready. Do you want one?
-Yes.
-Okay.
You're 17. I'm not gonna let you
drink all that on your own.
You work with cool people.
Oh. Dozer?
Who said
I work with dreary people?
I don't know. I feel like I...
I pictured them all in suits
in-in gray and boring.
Like me?
-Yeah.
-Oh. thanks.
-[laughs] I'm sorry.
-[laughs]
-Is Dozer her real name?
-It's a nickname.
She got it in the Marines.
I think.
Do you have one?
-A nickname?
-Mm.
-Behind my back maybe.
-[chuckles]
Mm. I have a code name. though.
Paul Lewis?
No. he was a cover identity
I used in Ethiopia.
What's yours. then?
You brought it up.
so you're allowed to tell me.
-I actually can't.
-[laughs]
It's Martian.
Martian? [laughs]
-Why?
-I don't know.
All our pseudos are generated
by a computer somewhere.
It's weird. It suits you.
-Does it?
-Yeah.
Well. the people at work
must agree with you.
They all still call me by it.
From another planet.
It's-it's funny. It's you.
[laughs]
I'm not sure
that's a good thing.
-Is that a good thing?
-[laughing]
[both laughing]
You've never told me anything
nice about your work before.
-You never got me drunk before.
-[chuckles]
Dad...
have you ever
had your heart broken?
And I don't mean Mum.
You must have.
[exhales] I think
I need another one of those.
[chuckles]
Will you tell me?
Yes. I have.
When?
Uh...
been coming for a while.
Then it happened.
Seemed sudden.
Expected. but out of the blue.
When?
On Wednesday.
-Dad...
-It's fine. I'm okay.
-I'm okay.
-That was. like. two days ago.
-What happened?
-No.
That's enough.
Let's talk about something fun.
Okay.
♪ Slow. haunting music ♪
[Martian] That last evening
we spent together
meant a lot to me.
I'll think about it often.
I'll relive each moment.
I know where. I'm going.
it's something
I'll want to hold close.
I'm sorry for everything
they'll tell you.
And for everything
that is about to happen.
I'm sorry most of all
that we won't share
other evenings like that one.
I wish we could.
♪♪♪
-[lock clicks]
-[sniffles]
[phone clicks off]
[sighs]
[speaks Farsi]
♪ Slow. haunting music ♪
-What's wrong?
-[panting]
Put on your headscarf.
Is everything okay?
No.
What's happening?
What? Why? What are you doing?
You're under arrest
for sharing intelligence
with the enemy.
What?
I want to speak
to my country's embassy.
Tell them I'm being arrested.
Tell them
what's happening to me.
No one will ever know
what happened to you.
[breathing sharply]
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today